TTG 2019

This is a log documenting the writing of a python code to integrate the equation of motion of two
extended bodies orbiting in each other's potential, eventually taking dynamical friction
into account.

Approach / Steps:

0   - Implement an ODE solver based on:
0.1 - the 4th order Runge-Kutta method and test -> DONE.
		Does not conserve energy well over extended periods of time or not small enough time steps.
0.2 - the 2nd order leapfrog (kick-drift-kick) method -> DONE.
		Conserves energy well on average, but may lead to orbit precession if time step not small enough.
		Conserves angular momentum to machine precision.

1   - One point mass orbiting a fixed point mass in 1D:
1.1 - In natural units (G=1) -> DONE.
		Problem ill-defined, does not work (only tried RK4 solver.
		Perhaps tractable performing a change of variable u=1/r, as is
		done in the solution pof the Kepler problem.

2   - One point mass orbiting a fixed point mass in 2D:
2.1 - In natural units (G=1) -> DONE.
		Best results with leapfrog solver, as anticipated from 0.2. Will use this from here on.
2.2 - In (astro-)physical units -> DONE.
		Note that using astropy's constant G slows down the code.

3   - One point mass orbiting a fixed point mass in 3D in (astro-)physical units -> DONE.

4   - Two point masses orbiting around each other
4.1	- 2D -> DONE.
4.2	- 3D -> DONE.

5   - Two masses orbiting around each other, with one of them not being point-like (3D only)
5.1 - Requires implementing numerical differentiation -> DONE
		Implemented a forward finite difference scheme (orders 2 and 3)
		Implemented a central finite difference scheme (order 2 and 4)
		A CFD scheme of order 4 conserves angular momentum to machine precision (for a Kepler potential)
		Both schemes conserve energy well. Will use CFD from now on.

	  IMPORTANT NOTE: The conserved quantities are:
	  - relative specific angular momentum
	  - relative specific potential energy
	  - relative specific kinetic energy


6   - Two masses orbiting around each other in 3D, with at least one of them not being point-like,
	  with the less extended experiencing dynamical friction by the more extended.
